##About Page Lab
- So far we have done all of our coding in the Xcode playground, but that's not where iPhone or iPad apps actually get written. Let's take a look at [this folder](https://github.com/upperlinecode/intro-to-swift/tree/master/day-1/AboutPage) in Xcode.
So far, we've only used the Xcode playground. When we create a new Xcode project, it creates a skeleton of an application for us, which consists of several different folders and files. Let's take a look at the new layout.
- Editor Area
  - Purpose: This is where the the core development tasks take place. When you open a file, it is displayed in the editor area. Right now, this should be where you see the layout of the beginning of an iphone app.
- Navigator
  - How to show: click the rectangular button in the upper right hand corner of Xcode (leftmost of three).
  - Purpose: Show your project's file structure.
  - There are three main folders in our project: AboutPage, AboutPageTests, and Products. Right now, we're only going to be looking at files in the AboutPage folder.
- Utilities
  - How to show: click the rectangular button in the upper right hand corner of Xcode (rightmost of three).
  - Purpose: Contains a variety of helpful tools. We will look at these as we begin developing our apps.
- Assistant Editor Area
  - How to show: click the button containing two overlapping circles in the upper right hand corner of Xcode.
  - Purpose: Allows you to view and edit multiple files at the same time.
- Debug Area
  - How to show: click the rectangular button in the upper right hand corner of Xcode (center of three).
  - Purpose: Shows output messages. These might include print messages you put in your code, or error messages generated by Swift.

####Model View Controller Design Pattern
Applications like Facebook, Airbnb, or Spotify use what is called a Model-View-Controller (MVC) design pattern. We will talk more about this later this week, but it's extremely important to know so we're going to go over it many times. The MVC design pattern is all about organizing your code by its purpose. The three sections are as follows.
- Model
  - This holds your data and it is where you write code that allows you to manipulate that data. For spotify, its models hold the songs' information and user data. For Facebook, the models hold all of the status updates, profile pictures, and other user information.
  - In the AboutPage app, our model is located in the About.swift file.
- View
  - This part controls how that data is displayed, and where the user can input new data. If you want to display all of your users' names and statuses on a blue table with red text, or if you need to let the user type in a song that they want to listen to, this is handled in the view.
- Controller
  - The views need to access the models' data, and this communication is handled by the controllers.
  - The file where we will be writing our controller code is ViewController.swift
